It may here be necessary to make a remark, in order to caution those who
are new at this kind of classification from putting words in the same
class merely because they happen to terminate with certain letters that
are the same. Thus it would be absurd to class under the head of
diminutives such words as, _doubling_, _tippling_, _troubling_, merely
because they appear to terminate in _ling_; they clearly belong to the
words in _ing_, and are formed from the words _double_, _tipple_,
_trouble_.
and in some instances differs in meaning very little, or not at all,
from that in _ing_. Thus we could say, _calculating_, _educating_, as
well as _calculation_, _education_. Words like _nation_, _station_, &c.
are pure Latin words, differing from the nominative case of those in the
language from which they are derived, only in having an _n_ at the end
of the word.It may here be necessary to make a remark, in order to caution those who
are new at this kind of classification from putting words in the same
class merely because they happen to terminate with certain letters that
are the same. Thus it would be absurd to class under the head of
diminutives such words as, _doubling_, _tippling_, _troubling_, merely
because they appear to terminate in _ling_; they clearly belong to the
words in _ing_, and are formed from the words _double_, _tipple_,
_trouble_.
and in some instances differs in meaning very little, or not at all,
from that in _ing_. Thus we could say, _calculating_, _educating_, as
well as _calculation_, _education_. Words like _nation_, _station_, &c.
are pure Latin words, differing from the nominative case of those in the
language from which they are derived, only in having an _n_ at the end
of the word.